when creating a thread u apply a function
pthread_create : to create a thread
pthread_join : makes the application waits for a thread to end
a process can handle multiple threads
threads shares memory the opposite of processes who duplicate the variables and each process work on his own space of memory

RACE CONDITIONS !! (occure only on multi core processor)
Race conditions in software or any system occur when the desired output requires that certain events occur in a specific order,
but that the events don’t always happen in that order.
There is a ‘race’ between the events and if the wrong events win, the program fails.


MUTEX !!
synchronization is a mecanism which ensures that 2 or more processes or threads do not execute simultaneaosly some particular program segment.
in case of not applying a synch technique as mutex a race conditions may occure.

Mutex is a lock thats set to protect shared resources, its kind of a lock who block the thread to execute a part of code
until the thread who owns the locks is finished executing.


alloc for mutexes
initialise them


Erica young
Mohammed amine elhani
meeting

Dear M.Young,

i just want to inform you that i cannot be present for the next week's meeting .

The reason behind my absence, is that im gonna need to be at my sister's wedding the same day of the meeting.

For this cause, i want to apologize for my absence, and i want to tell you that my assistant M.EL karmi will be my substitute.

Thank you for your understanding,

Sincerely,

regional sales manager
M.elhani








Mohammed amine elhani
M.elfadili
08/06/2022
Presentation about the commpany

Dear M.elfadili,

I want to thank you for giving me the responsability of presenting the company to the visitors next week.

For this event, im going to give a brief idea about the company's business, our procedures of work, and our ways to reduce the effect 
on eco system.

After the presentation which i think the hall conference will be a good place for,i suggest to take a tour with the visitors 
in our factory to explain things more. 

Your Sincerely,



Dear M.benfriman

    i want to tell you that giving a short presentation about the new customer survey will be good idea.

    i want to inform you that im going to present the questions in the survey and explain the main reason behind each one, and also the effect
    of this survey on our business.

    i suggest to make the next friday the date for this event. 

    Sincerely,
    M.elhani










